# FAQ - Core team & AFactory infra

## Q: AIFactory setup: How-to clone repo with submodule to local computer? The folder  `azure-enterprise-scale-ml` is empty?

1) Create a "project001" folder on local machine, open GIT command prompt there, then clone repo to that project001 folder.
2) Add ESML as a GIT Submodule "linked" to your GIT repo:

- Open GIT command prompt, go to your `local root folder for the code` (you should see the folder `azure-enterprise-scale-ml` and `notebook_demos` with a `dir` in the GIT CMD)run below: 

    > git config --system core.longpaths true

    > git submodule add https://github.com/jostrm/azure-enterprise-scale-ml

- Note: If the sumodule is already added by another team member in your project, the above command, git submodule add, will not work. Then you need to run the below instead: 

    > git submodule update --init --recursive

## Q:AIFactory setup: ADO/GHA pipelines - Why can't it find the path in my submodule when running pipelines?
- A: You have to enable the checkbox in Azure Devops pipeline to * [x] `Checkout from submodule`
- See more: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53616942/how-to-setup-submodules-azure-devops

## Q: How can I trouble shoot error in ADO/GHA pipeline to create AIFactory project?

- A: See the [Flow diagram docs - trouble shooting](../10-19/13-flow-diagram-1.md)
   
## Q: How can I peer the AIFactory to my HUB - The Azure Machine learning portal gives error, that I don't get when inside a VM via Bastion

- A: See the [Networking docs - How-to guide](../10-19/14-networking-privateDNS.md)      

## Q: ADO/GHA pipelines - Why can't it read from the Seeding keyvault, when running pipelines?

- A: See the [Seedning keyvault - trouble shooting](../10-19/12-seeding-keyvault.md)

### Q: Networking: How to I trouble shoot Azure Machine Learning networking? Diagnostics? Troubleshoot private endpoint connection problems? 

- A: If you have problems connecting to the workspace, see Troubleshoot secure workspace connectivity.[Workspace diagnostics & Troubleshoot private endpoint connection problems](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-troubleshoot-secure-connection-workspace?view=azureml-api-2)

- A: You can also run diagnostics on your workspace from Azure Machine Learning studio or the Python SDK. After diagnostics run, a list of any detected problems is returned. This list includes links to possible solutions. For more information, see [How to use workspace diagnostics](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/how-to-workspace-diagnostic-api?view=azureml-api-2)

- A: How to [check diagnostics via Python code]()




